8-K
false 0001835632        0001835632   2025-04-13 2025-04-13            UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549      FORM 8-K      CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report: April 13, 2025 (Date of earliest event reported)       MARVELL TECHNOLOGY, INC.  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
1000 N. West Street, Suite 1200 Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code) (302) 295-4840 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)      Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).  Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
On April 13, 2025, Raghib Hussain, President, Products and Technologies of Marvell Technology, Inc. (“Marvell”), notified Marvell of his decision to resign from his position with Marvell effective as of May 2, 2025, to become the Chief Executive Officer of another company.  Marvell has a thoughtful succession planning process and deep bench of talent. Marvell has activated a plan to ensure Mr. Hussain’s responsibilities are seamlessly transitioned on or before his departure date.
(d)  Exhibits.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements  The disclosure contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain forward-looking information about the Company that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for “forward-looking statements” provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “expect(s),” “feel(s),” “believe(s),” “will,” “may,” “anticipate(s)” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our executive succession and transition process. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the Company’s business based, in part, on assumptions made by management, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of risks and uncertainties relate to matters beyond the Company’s control. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include: the Company’s ability to implement its business plans and strategies; the Company’s ability to successfully navigate its leadership transition; the ability of the Company to retain and hire key personnel; legislative, regulatory and economic developments affecting the Company’s business; and general economic and market developments and conditions. Additionally, these forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements and risk factors described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 1, 2025, as updated by the Company’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and its other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and no person assumes any obligation to update or revise any such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
SIGNATURE  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

